Миссия и ценности компании Майкрософт заключаются в том, чтобы помогать
людям и компаниям по всему миру полностью раскрывать свой .
 Войти Центр обновления Microsoft.
Shop for the latest software and technology products from Microsoft Store.
Experience the best of Microsoft with easy online shopping.
Официальный сайт Microsoft Office. Наборы офисных программ для дома и для
бизнеса.
Collaborate for free with online versions of Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and
OneNote
«Ма́йкрософт», «Майкрософт корпорейшн» (анг. Microsoft Corporation, как
правило, именуется просто Microsoft
The latest Tweets from Microsoft (@Microsoft). We're on a mission to empower
every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more
Welcome to the official Microsoft YouTube channel. As we strive to empower every
person and every organization on the planet to achieve more, we're sharing s .
Effortless email and calendar. Whether it's staying on top of your inbox or
scheduling the next big thing, Outlook makes it easy to be your most productive, .
NET on GitHubNET OSS projects from
Microsoft and the community, including many that are part of the 
Объедините ваши усилия совершенно бесплатно благодаря интернет- версии
Microsoft Word Предоставляйте к ним .
Online shopping for Microsoft at Amazon . Microsoft Software | Windows 10
Home 64 Bit System Builder OEM | PC Disc by Microsoft.
Получайте доступ к файлам с любого устройства Продолжайте делать то, что
начали, на телефоне, планшете или компьютере — независимо от того, .
6 days ago  One where unlocking the power
of the team has never been more important
Get started By
continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use
Microsoft offers free online courses and MOOCs in a variety of subjects. Browse
upcoming classes and enroll now.
5 days ago  is planning to release a line of lower-cost Surface
tablets as soon as the second half of 2018, seeking a hit in a market for .
Simply download “PUBG Test Server” from the Microsoft Store. This Test Sever
Update is available for pre-load right nowco/PH2Nwlfwwn · Photo from .
The familiar Word app lets you create, edit, view and share your files with others
quickly and easily
Насладись играми и развлечениями нового поколения с Xbox! Играй в игры Xbox и
смотри потоковое видео на всех своих устройствах!
